#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   requests-cache
cattrs==23.2.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
django==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via django-mptt
django-mptt==0.15.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-munigeo==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via django-munigeo
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via django-parler-rest
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via cattrs
idna==3.4
    # via requests
opensearch-py==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via requests-cache
pyhumps==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via opensearch-py
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via django-munigeo
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.1.1
    # via django-munigeo
sentry-sdk==1.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   opensearch-py
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   cattrs
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
